3:50AM EST, West Village, NY

Five major projects for this sprint (two weeks):
1. Implement first draft of barricades with hit points and capacity to take damage
2. Implement first draft of melee damage
https://answers.unrealengine.com/questions/413146/have-player-character-take-damage-only-within-rang.html
3. Implement game rules with the asymmetric start and victory conditions (survival time limit and all kills) of Suvivors vs Collective. This milestone does not include more complex logic, which is reserved for later
4. Implement initial Unreal engine build on AWS dedicated server. Try for Amazon Gamelift first before EC2 server
https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-US/Gameplay/Networking/HowTo/DedicatedServers/index.html
5. If have time, look to logic that the player can respawn and switch pawns from one team to the other due to death. This will be the first draft of the assimilation concept 

The tutorial experiment with UCameraComponent has been removed in favor of the OnCameraUpdate methods, which “hard” set the player's mesh to conform with the camera so that the player's arms are always in front of the camera without the need to hardcode values for the UCameraComponent.

For the Pickup and Rotate objects such as barricades project, the basic tutorial version of setting booleans on a line capture from the camera is buggy and incomplete since we're moving away from UCameraComponent. 

Additionally, we want a physics gun so that technicians, a class of survivors, can rotate, place, and repair barricades. 

Because of these reasons, the best approach is to leverage the existing gun trace fire mechanic and weapon inventory. So, I will add the physics gun and have the ability of the physics gun to interact with barricades (PickUpAndRotateActors).

As for melee damage, I will add on to the existing InstantHit weapon logic but decrease the range from infinity (excepting collisions of course) to a set distance.

Initial research shows that Amazon Gamelift should be tried first as it's a "managed" EC2 instance so we can easily convert to EC2 for our dedicated servers if Gamelift proves to be a dud.