4:20AM, Flushing, NY

In between reading about quaternions and melee damage math and fixing up the barricades suddenly disappearing, I have also spent the prior week digesting the election and spent today reading about McMansion Hell to find out more about design principles, sprinkled with lessons about consumerism and materialism and suburbia culture. Fascinating to see the combination of social commentary mixed with design and living. Also, it strikes a chord with me since I'm during the closing stages of the new house.

Learning about the Futurama city exhibit of the 1939 world's fair was also quite a revelation based on how it changed suburbia's perspective.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/McMansion_Hell

>https://mcmansionhell.com/post/148605513816/mcmansions-101-what-makes-a-mcmansion-bad
Design Principle #1: Masses & Voids
The mass is the largest portion of a building. Individual masses become interesting when they are combined together to form a façade. The arrangement of these shapes to create weight is called massing. As the pieces are combined, they are divided into categories: primary and secondary masses (1). 

>Design Principle #2: Balance
Balance is the relationship among the parts of a building on either side of an imaginary centerline through the middle of the house. Houses can be symmetrically or asymmetrically balanced. 

>Another common feature of proportionate houses is that they abide by the ubiquitous Rule of Thirds. Below is an example of a simple suburban house, whose proportions properly follow this rule: 

>Design Principle #4: Rhythm
Rhythm in architecture describes the use of repetitive elements in order to establish architectural harmony. It is based off of three main principles: the principle of Proximity, the principle of Similarity, and the principle of Continuation. These principles are part of a larger set known as Gestalt Principles. 


>https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2008/03/the-next-slum/306653/
The suburban dream began, arguably, at the New York World’s Fair of 1939 and ’40. “Highways and Horizons,” better known as “Futurama,” was overwhelmingly the fair’s most popular exhibit; perhaps 10 percent of the American population saw it. At the heart of the exhibit was a scale model, covering an area about the size of a football field, that showed what American cities and towns might look like in 1960. Visitors watched matchbox-sized cars zip down wide highways. Gone were the crowded tenements of the time; 1960s Americans would live in stand-alone houses with spacious yards and attached garages. The exhibit would not impress us today, but at the time, it inspired wonder. E. B. White wrote in Harper’s, “A ride on the Futurama … induces approximately the same emotional response as a trip through the Cathedral of St. John the Divine … I didn’t want to wake up.”

>https://mcmansionhell.com/post/149284377161/mansionvsmcmansion1
For example, a bedroom can be used by someone who is a musician for a living might need a space to practice without disturbing others, and someone who works from home needs an office where they can work in peace. For these people, the extra space is integral to their living and working comfortably, and there’s nothing to mock about that. For people who have a craft room or any other such space, it is my belief that making art is one of the true joys in life and is fundamental for human happiness, and a space devoted to creative activities is always a good space.
